README.md, before:

# Adani Recruitment Audit Dashboard v4.4

## Project Overview
- **Name**: Adani Recruitment Audit Dashboard
- **Version**: 4.4 - Complete Feature Edition
- **Goal**: Real-time QA audit analytics & performance insights for recruitment process monitoring
- **Main Features**: 8 dashboard views, multi-select filters, PDF export, dark/light theme, audio descriptions

## URLs
- **GitHub Repository**: https://github.com/Rishab25276/Adani-Ambuja-Cement-Audit-Dashboard
- **Live Demo**: https://3000-ioyjkajzw2h2lj6y89w5f-5c13a017.sandbox.novita.ai
- **Local Development**: Open `index.html` directly in browser or use a local server
- **Production**: Can be deployed to any static hosting (GitHub Pages, Cloudflare Pages, Netlify, etc.)

## Features

### ✨ Dashboard Views
1. **Overall View** - Comprehensive summary with key insights panel and parameter-wise accuracy
2. **Weekly View** - Week-over-week performance trends with comparison indicators
3. **Monthly View** - Monthly patterns analysis with dual-axis charts
4. **Yearly View** - Year-over-year comparison with fiscal year support
5. **Recruiter View** - Individual recruiter performance rankings and coaching insights
6. **Parameter View** - Deep dive into specific audit parameters with error rates
7. **Comparison View** - Side-by-side comparison of months and parameters
8. **Trend Analysis** - Historical trends with 3-month moving average and forecasting

### 🎨 Design Features
- **Adani Color Theme**: Professional blue/purple gradient design (#0B74B0, #75479C, #BD3861)
- **Dark/Light Theme Toggle**: Comfortable viewing in any environment
- **Responsive Layout**: Fixed sidebar navigation with fluid content area
- **Interactive Charts**: Chart.js visualizations with data labels
- **Modern UI**: Glass-morphism effects, smooth animations, hover states

### 📊 Data Processing
- **Excel Upload**: Supports .xlsx/.xls files with two required sheets
  - "Audit Count" sheet with audit metrics
  - "Recruiter Wise Data" sheet with individual performance
- **Smart Filtering**: Multi-select dropdowns with cascading logic
- **Real-time Calculations**: Instant updates based on filter selections

### 🎯 Key Metrics
- **Accuracy %** = (Pass / (Pass + Fail)) × 100
- **Error Rate %** = (Fail / (Pass + Fail)) × 100
- **Sample Rate %** = (Opportunity Count / Total Population) × 100
- **Performance Thresholds**: Excellent (≥95%), Good (85-94%), Needs Attention (<85%)

### 🔧 Advanced Features
- **Multi-Select Filters**: Year, Month, Week, Recruiter, Parameter with Select2
- **PDF Export**: Customizable report generation with html2canvas and jsPDF
- **Audio Descriptions**: Screen reader support with text-to-speech
- **User Manual**: Comprehensive in-app documentation

## Data Architecture

### Required Excel Structure

#### Sheet 1: "Audit Count"
Required columns:
- `Financial Year` or `Finanical Year` - Fiscal year (e.g., "2024")
- `Month` - Month name (e.g., "January", "February")
- `Week` - Week number (e.g., 1, 2, 3)
- `Parameter` - Audit parameter name
- `Total Population` - Total number of candidates
- `Opportunity Count` - Number of audits conducted
- `Opportunity Pass` - Number of passed audits
- `Opportunity Fail` - Number of failed audits
- `Opportunity NA` - Number of NA audits

#### Sheet 2: "Recruiter Wise Data"
Required columns:
- `Recruiter Name` - Full name of the recruiter
- `Audit Score` - Score: 1 (Pass), 0 (Fail), or NA
- `Financial Year`, `Month`, `Week`, `Parameter` (optional for filtering)

### Storage Services
- **Client-Side Only**: All processing happens in browser using JavaScript
- **No Backend Required**: Pure HTML/CSS/JS static application
- **localStorage**: Can be enhanced to save filter preferences

## User Guide

### Getting Started
1. **Upload Data**: Click "Upload Data" button and select Excel file
2. **View Dashboard**: Automatically displays overall view with all data
3. **Apply Filters**: Use multi-select dropdowns to filter by year, month, week, recruiter, parameter
4. **Switch Views**: Click sidebar navigation items to explore different analyses
5. **Export PDF**: Generate professional reports with customizable content
6. **Toggle Theme**: Switch between light and dark modes for comfort

### Filter Usage
- Click filter dropdown to see available options
- Select multiple items (appear as blue tags)
- Click × on tag to remove individual selections
- Use "Reset Filters" button to clear all selections
- Filters update dashboard automatically

### PDF Export
1. Click "Export PDF" button
2. Select which view to export
3. Choose elements to include (charts, tables, insights, stats)
4. Click "Generate PDF"
5. Wait for processing (10-30 seconds)
6. PDF automatically downloads

## Deployment

### Option 1: Simple File Hosting
- Upload `index.html` to any web hosting
- No build process required
- All dependencies loaded from CDN

### Option 2: GitHub Pages
```bash
git init
git add .
git commit -m "Initial commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin <your-repo-url>
git push -u origin main
# Enable GitHub Pages in repository settings
```

### Option 3: Cloudflare Pages / Netlify
- Drag and drop `index.html` to hosting platform
- Or connect GitHub repository for auto-deployment

## Technology Stack
- **HTML5**: Semantic markup with accessibility features
- **CSS3**: Custom properties, flexbox, grid, animations
- **JavaScript (ES6+)**: Modular functions, array methods
- **jQuery**: DOM manipulation and event handling
- **Select2**: Enhanced multi-select dropdowns
- **Chart.js**: Interactive data visualizations
- **XLSX.js**: Excel file parsing
- **html2canvas**: Screenshot generation
- **jsPDF**: PDF creation
- **Font Awesome**: Icon library
- **Google Fonts**: Inter font family

## Browser Compatibility
- ✅ **Recommended**: Google Chrome (latest)
- ✅ **Supported**: Firefox, Edge, Safari (latest versions)
- ❌ **Not Supported**: Internet Explorer

## Features Completed
✅ All 8 dashboard views with comprehensive visualizations
✅ Excel file upload with two-sheet processing
✅ Multi-select smart filters with cascading logic
✅ Real-time calculations and updates
✅ PDF export with customizable content
✅ Dark/light theme toggle
✅ Audio descriptions for accessibility
✅ Comprehensive user manual
✅ Recruiter performance rankings
✅ Parameter-wise analysis with error rates
✅ Month-to-month and parameter comparisons
✅ Trend analysis with moving averages
✅ Professional Adani color scheme
✅ Responsive design with fixed sidebar

## File Structure
```
webapp/
├── index.html          # Complete single-file application
├── .gitignore          # Git ignore rules
└── README.md           # This file
```

## Customization

### Color Theme
Colors defined in CSS variables (`:root` selector):
- `--adani-blue: #0B74B0`
- `--adani-light-blue: #75479C`
- `--adani-accent: #BD3861`
- `--success-color: #10B981`
- `--warning-color: #F59E0B`
- `--danger-color: #EF4444`

### Performance Thresholds
Located in `renderOverallView()` and other view functions:
```javascript
// Excellent: >= 95%
// Good: 85% - 94.9%
// Needs Attention: < 85%
```

## Known Issues & Fixes
- **September/October Fix**: Month name trimming handles trailing spaces
- **Recruiter Filter Fix**: Separate filtered data for recruiter view
- **PDF Export**: Large datasets may take 30+ seconds to process
- **Browser Memory**: Very large Excel files (>10MB) may cause slowdown

## Performance Notes
- Handles up to 50,000 audit records efficiently
- Charts render within 2 seconds for typical datasets
- PDF generation time depends on content complexity
- Filters update instantaneously for <10,000 records

## Future Enhancements
- [ ] Save filter preferences to localStorage
- [ ] Export to Excel with filtered data
- [ ] Compare multiple recruiters simultaneously
- [ ] Predictive analytics with machine learning
- [ ] Real-time data sync with backend API
- [ ] Mobile-responsive sidebar collapse
- [ ] Custom parameter weights configuration

## Troubleshooting

### Issue: "Required sheets not found"
**Solution**: Ensure sheet names are exactly "Audit Count" and "Recruiter Wise Data"

### Issue: Charts not displaying
**Solution**: Refresh page, check browser console, ensure data uploaded successfully

### Issue: Filters not working
**Solution**: Click "Reset Filters", reload page, re-upload data

### Issue: PDF export fails
**Solution**: Uncheck some elements, wait for charts to render, try different browser

## License
Created for Adani Group - Internal Use Only

## Version History
- **v4.4** - Complete Feature Edition (Current)
  - All features functional
  - Comprehensive user manual
  - Audio descriptions
  - PDF export with customization
  
- **v4.1** - Recruiter Filter Fixed Edition
  - Fixed recruiter filter logic
  - Improved multi-select filters
  
- **v3.0** - All Views Functional
  - Added all 8 dashboard views
  - Implemented chart visualizations

## Last Updated
December 3, 2025

## Status
✅ **Active** - Fully functional and production-ready

Commit message:

Add sample Excel data file with 151 audit records for testing

README.md, after:

# Adani Recruitment Audit Dashboard v4.4

## Project Overview
- **Name**: Adani Recruitment Audit Dashboard
- **Version**: 4.4 - Complete Feature Edition
- **Goal**: Real-time QA audit analytics & performance insights for recruitment process monitoring
- **Main Features**: 8 dashboard views, multi-select filters, PDF export, dark/light theme, audio descriptions

## URLs
- **GitHub Repository**: https://github.com/Rishab25276/Adani-Ambuja-Cement-Audit-Dashboard
- **Live Demo**: https://3000-ioyjkajzw2h2lj6y89w5f-5c13a017.sandbox.novita.ai
- **GitHub Pages** (after enabling): https://rishab25276.github.io/Adani-Ambuja-Cement-Audit-Dashboard/
- **Sample Data**: `Power BI Dashboard Data.xlsx` included in repository (48KB, 151 records)
- **Local Development**: Open `index.html` directly in browser or use a local server
- **Production**: Can be deployed to any static hosting (GitHub Pages, Cloudflare Pages, Netlify, etc.)

## Features

### ✨ Dashboard Views
1. **Overall View** - Comprehensive summary with key insights panel and parameter-wise accuracy
2. **Weekly View** - Week-over-week performance trends with comparison indicators
3. **Monthly View** - Monthly patterns analysis with dual-axis charts
4. **Yearly View** - Year-over-year comparison with fiscal year support
5. **Recruiter View** - Individual recruiter performance rankings and coaching insights
6. **Parameter View** - Deep dive into specific audit parameters with error rates
7. **Comparison View** - Side-by-side comparison of months and parameters
8. **Trend Analysis** - Historical trends with 3-month moving average and forecasting

### 🎨 Design Features
- **Adani Color Theme**: Professional blue/purple gradient design (#0B74B0, #75479C, #BD3861)
- **Dark/Light Theme Toggle**: Comfortable viewing in any environment
- **Responsive Layout**: Fixed sidebar navigation with fluid content area
- **Interactive Charts**: Chart.js visualizations with data labels
- **Modern UI**: Glass-morphism effects, smooth animations, hover states

### 📊 Data Processing
- **Excel Upload**: Supports .xlsx/.xls files with two required sheets
  - "Audit Count" sheet with audit metrics
  - "Recruiter Wise Data" sheet with individual performance
- **Smart Filtering**: Multi-select dropdowns with cascading logic
- **Real-time Calculations**: Instant updates based on filter selections

### 🎯 Key Metrics
- **Accuracy %** = (Pass / (Pass + Fail)) × 100
- **Error Rate %** = (Fail / (Pass + Fail)) × 100
- **Sample Rate %** = (Opportunity Count / Total Population) × 100
- **Performance Thresholds**: Excellent (≥95%), Good (85-94%), Needs Attention (<85%)

### 🔧 Advanced Features
- **Multi-Select Filters**: Year, Month, Week, Recruiter, Parameter with Select2
- **PDF Export**: Customizable report generation with html2canvas and jsPDF
- **Audio Descriptions**: Screen reader support with text-to-speech
- **User Manual**: Comprehensive in-app documentation

## Data Architecture

### Required Excel Structure

#### Sheet 1: "Audit Count"
Required columns:
- `Financial Year` or `Finanical Year` - Fiscal year (e.g., "2024")
- `Month` - Month name (e.g., "January", "February")
- `Week` - Week number (e.g., 1, 2, 3)
- `Parameter` - Audit parameter name
- `Total Population` - Total number of candidates
- `Opportunity Count` - Number of audits conducted
- `Opportunity Pass` - Number of passed audits
- `Opportunity Fail` - Number of failed audits
- `Opportunity NA` - Number of NA audits

#### Sheet 2: "Recruiter Wise Data"
Required columns:
- `Recruiter Name` - Full name of the recruiter
- `Audit Score` - Score: 1 (Pass), 0 (Fail), or NA
- `Financial Year`, `Month`, `Week`, `Parameter` (optional for filtering)

### Storage Services
- **Client-Side Only**: All processing happens in browser using JavaScript
- **No Backend Required**: Pure HTML/CSS/JS static application
- **localStorage**: Can be enhanced to save filter preferences

## Quick Test with Sample Data

### Try the Dashboard Immediately:
1. Open the live dashboard (see URLs above)
2. Click **"Upload Data"** button
3. Download `Power BI Dashboard Data.xlsx` from this repository
4. Upload the file to the dashboard
5. Explore all 8 views with real sample data (151 audit records)

See **SAMPLE_DATA_INFO.md** for detailed information about the sample dataset.

---

## User Guide

### Getting Started
1. **Upload Data**: Click "Upload Data" button and select Excel file
2. **View Dashboard**: Automatically displays overall view with all data
3. **Apply Filters**: Use multi-select dropdowns to filter by year, month, week, recruiter, parameter
4. **Switch Views**: Click sidebar navigation items to explore different analyses
5. **Export PDF**: Generate professional reports with customizable content
6. **Toggle Theme**: Switch between light and dark modes for comfort

### Filter Usage
- Click filter dropdown to see available options
- Select multiple items (appear as blue tags)
- Click × on tag to remove individual selections
- Use "Reset Filters" button to clear all selections
- Filters update dashboard automatically

### PDF Export
1. Click "Export PDF" button
2. Select which view to export
3. Choose elements to include (charts, tables, insights, stats)
4. Click "Generate PDF"
5. Wait for processing (10-30 seconds)
6. PDF automatically downloads

## Deployment

### Option 1: Simple File Hosting
- Upload `index.html` to any web hosting
- No build process required
- All dependencies loaded from CDN

### Option 2: GitHub Pages
```bash
git init
git add .
git commit -m "Initial commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin <your-repo-url>
git push -u origin main
# Enable GitHub Pages in repository settings
```

### Option 3: Cloudflare Pages / Netlify
- Drag and drop `index.html` to hosting platform
- Or connect GitHub repository for auto-deployment

## Technology Stack
- **HTML5**: Semantic markup with accessibility features
- **CSS3**: Custom properties, flexbox, grid, animations
- **JavaScript (ES6+)**: Modular functions, array methods
- **jQuery**: DOM manipulation and event handling
- **Select2**: Enhanced multi-select dropdowns
- **Chart.js**: Interactive data visualizations
- **XLSX.js**: Excel file parsing
- **html2canvas**: Screenshot generation
- **jsPDF**: PDF creation
- **Font Awesome**: Icon library
- **Google Fonts**: Inter font family

## Browser Compatibility
- ✅ **Recommended**: Google Chrome (latest)
- ✅ **Supported**: Firefox, Edge, Safari (latest versions)
- ❌ **Not Supported**: Internet Explorer

## Features Completed
✅ All 8 dashboard views with comprehensive visualizations
✅ Excel file upload with two-sheet processing
✅ Multi-select smart filters with cascading logic
✅ Real-time calculations and updates
✅ PDF export with customizable content
✅ Dark/light theme toggle
✅ Audio descriptions for accessibility
✅ Comprehensive user manual
✅ Recruiter performance rankings
✅ Parameter-wise analysis with error rates
✅ Month-to-month and parameter comparisons
✅ Trend analysis with moving averages
✅ Professional Adani color scheme
✅ Responsive design with fixed sidebar

## File Structure
```
webapp/
├── index.html          # Complete single-file application
├── .gitignore          # Git ignore rules
└── README.md           # This file
```

## Customization

### Color Theme
Colors defined in CSS variables (`:root` selector):
- `--adani-blue: #0B74B0`
- `--adani-light-blue: #75479C`
- `--adani-accent: #BD3861`
- `--success-color: #10B981`
- `--warning-color: #F59E0B`
- `--danger-color: #EF4444`

### Performance Thresholds
Located in `renderOverallView()` and other view functions:
```javascript
// Excellent: >= 95%
// Good: 85% - 94.9%
// Needs Attention: < 85%
```

## Known Issues & Fixes
- **September/October Fix**: Month name trimming handles trailing spaces
- **Recruiter Filter Fix**: Separate filtered data for recruiter view
- **PDF Export**: Large datasets may take 30+ seconds to process
- **Browser Memory**: Very large Excel files (>10MB) may cause slowdown

## Performance Notes
- Handles up to 50,000 audit records efficiently
- Charts render within 2 seconds for typical datasets
- PDF generation time depends on content complexity
- Filters update instantaneously for <10,000 records

## Future Enhancements
- [ ] Save filter preferences to localStorage
- [ ] Export to Excel with filtered data
- [ ] Compare multiple recruiters simultaneously
- [ ] Predictive analytics with machine learning
- [ ] Real-time data sync with backend API
- [ ] Mobile-responsive sidebar collapse
- [ ] Custom parameter weights configuration

## Troubleshooting

### Issue: "Required sheets not found"
**Solution**: Ensure sheet names are exactly "Audit Count" and "Recruiter Wise Data"

### Issue: Charts not displaying
**Solution**: Refresh page, check browser console, ensure data uploaded successfully

### Issue: Filters not working
**Solution**: Click "Reset Filters", reload page, re-upload data

### Issue: PDF export fails
**Solution**: Uncheck some elements, wait for charts to render, try different browser

## License
Created for Adani Group - Internal Use Only

## Version History
- **v4.4** - Complete Feature Edition (Current)
  - All features functional
  - Comprehensive user manual
  - Audio descriptions
  - PDF export with customization
  
- **v4.1** - Recruiter Filter Fixed Edition
  - Fixed recruiter filter logic
  - Improved multi-select filters
  
- **v3.0** - All Views Functional
  - Added all 8 dashboard views
  - Implemented chart visualizations

## Last Updated
December 3, 2025

## Status
✅ **Active** - Fully functional and production-ready
