ROTM_FEATURE.md, before:

# 🏆 Recruiter of the Month Feature

## Overview
A new recognition system added to the Adani Recruitment Audit Dashboard to celebrate and motivate top-performing recruiters based on a balanced quality and productivity formula.

## Selection Criteria

### Quality Score Formula
```
Quality Score = (Accuracy % × 0.6) + (Volume Score × 0.4)
```

Where:
- **Accuracy %** = (Pass / (Pass + Fail)) × 100
- **Volume Score** = (Recruiter's Audits / Highest Audits in Month) × 100

### Minimum Qualification Requirements
To be eligible for "Recruiter of the Month", candidates must meet BOTH:
1. **Minimum Audits**: At least 10 audits completed in the month
2. **Minimum Accuracy**: At least 85% accuracy rate

## Why This Formula?

### 60-40 Weight Rationale
- **60% Accuracy**: Quality is the primary focus of audit work
- **40% Volume**: Recognizes productivity and contribution to team goals

### Benefits
1. **Prevents Gaming**: Minimum thresholds prevent doing just a few perfect audits
2. **Balanced Recognition**: Rewards both quality and quantity
3. **Fair Assessment**: Considers workload differences across recruiters
4. **Motivational**: Clear, achievable goals with transparent criteria

## Feature Highlights

### Monthly Winner Display
- **Golden Trophy Card**: Prominent display with recruiter name
- **Key Metrics Showcase**:
  - Quality Score (calculated value)
  - Accuracy Percentage
  - Total Audits Completed
- **Visual Design**: Gradient golden background with white text
- **Celebration Icons**: Trophy and award icons for recognition

### Top 5 Performers Table
- **Rankings**: 🥇 🥈 🥉 for top 3, numbered for 4-5
- **Detailed Metrics**: Quality Score, Accuracy, Total Audits, Pass, Fail
- **Qualification Status**: Badge showing if criteria met
- **Visual Highlighting**: Winner row has golden gradient background

### No Winner Declaration
- **Transparent Communication**: Shows when no recruiter meets criteria
- **Educational**: Displays minimum requirements clearly
- **Non-Punitive**: Presented as informational, not negative

## User Manual Integration

### New Section Added
- **View Description**: Purpose and key elements
- **Selection Criteria**: Detailed formulas and rationale
- **Why It Matters**: Business value and motivation impact
- **Fair Assessment**: Explanation of balanced approach

### Documentation Updates
- **View Count**: Updated from 8 to 9 views
- **Navigation**: Added to sidebar menu
- **Export Options**: Included in PDF export
- **Feature List**: Comprehensive view explanation

## Technical Implementation

### Function: `renderRecruiterOfTheMonth()`
- **Data Processing**: Aggregates recruiter performance by month
- **Calculations**: 
  - Monthly totals per recruiter
  - Accuracy percentage
  - Volume score relative to top performer
  - Quality score with 60-40 weighting
- **Sorting**: By quality score descending
- **Filtering**: Applies minimum criteria check
- **Rendering**: Dynamic HTML with conditional displays

### UI Components
1. **Insights Panel**: Criteria overview with stat cards
2. **Monthly Cards**: One per month with winner or no-winner display
3. **Winner Showcase**: Golden card with metrics
4. **Top 5 Table**: Rankings with detailed breakdown
5. **Criteria Explanation**: Educational section with formulas

## Bug Fix: Chart Disappearance

### Issue
Distribution chart in Overview view disappeared when switching to other views and returning.

### Root Cause
Charts were being destroyed globally but not properly recreated due to missing destruction check.

### Solution
Added proper chart destruction check before recreation:
```javascript
if (dashboardData.charts.distribution) {
    dashboardData.charts.distribution.destroy();
}
dashboardData.charts.distribution = new Chart(ctx, {
    // Chart configuration
});
```

### Impact
- ✅ All views now maintain chart integrity
- ✅ No more missing charts when navigating
- ✅ Proper cleanup prevents memory leaks

## Files Updated

### index.html
- **Size**: 180KB (+16KB from 164KB)
- **Lines**: 3800 (+289 lines from 3511)
- **Changes**:
  - New `renderRecruiterOfTheMonth()` function
  - Updated switch case with 'rotm' view
  - Added sidebar navigation item
  - Updated user manual section
  - Added export modal option
  - Fixed chart destruction issue

## Access & Testing

### Live URLs
- **Sandbox**: https://3000-ioyjkajzw2h2lj6y89w5f-5c13a017.sandbox.novita.ai
- **GitHub Pages**: https://rishab25276.github.io/Adani-Ambuja-Cement-Audit-Dashboard/
- **Repository**: https://github.com/Rishab25276/Adani-Ambuja-Cement-Audit-Dashboard

### Testing Checklist
- [x] Navigate to "Recruiter of the Month" view
- [x] Verify monthly winners display correctly
- [x] Check Top 5 performers table
- [x] Confirm qualification badges
- [x] Test with no qualified winner scenario
- [x] Switch between views to test chart persistence
- [x] Verify distribution chart recreates properly
- [x] Check PDF export includes new view
- [x] Validate criteria explanation section

## User Guide

### Accessing the Feature
1. Open dashboard
2. Click "🏆 Recruiter of the Month" in left sidebar
3. View monthly winners and performers

### Understanding the Display
- **Golden Card**: Current month's winner (if qualified)
- **Yellow Card**: No winner this month (criteria not met)
- **Top 5 Table**: Rankings for all months with metrics
- **Explanation Section**: Detailed criteria and rationale

### Criteria Summary
| Requirement | Threshold | Weight |
|------------|-----------|--------|
| Minimum Audits | 10 | Required |
| Minimum Accuracy | 85% | Required |
| Accuracy Component | Variable | 60% |
| Volume Component | Variable | 40% |

## Future Enhancements (Potential)

1. **Year-over-Year Comparison**: Compare winners across fiscal years
2. **Quarterly Awards**: Recognize consistent performance over quarters
3. **Category Awards**: Split by recruitment stage or parameter type
4. **Improvement Award**: Recognize biggest month-over-month improvement
5. **Team Performance**: Aggregate team scores with individual highlights
6. **Historical Hall of Fame**: Archive of all past winners

---

**Version**: v4.6 - Recruiter Recognition Edition
**Date**: December 13, 2025
**Status**: ✅ Deployed to Production
**Documentation**: Complete

Commit message:

Adjust Recruiter of the Month criteria for current performance levels
CHANGES:
- Minimum audits: 10 → 5 audits
- Minimum accuracy: 85% → 75% accuracy

RATIONALE:
- Aligned with current team performance levels
- Ensures at least one recruiter qualifies each month
- Maintains quality standards while being achievable
- Will be raised to 10+ audits & 85%+ accuracy once team consistently achieves 90%+

UPDATED LOCATIONS:
- Criteria display cards (Min. 5 Audits, 75%)
- Qualification check logic
- No winner message text
- User manual ROTM section
- ROTM_FEATURE.md documentation
- Criteria explanation section

QUALIFIED RECRUITERS (with new criteria):
- 11 recruiters now qualify (vs 8 with old criteria)
- Top performers: Khyati Mehar (100%), Deepti Sasidharan (94.87%), Mridula Bokde (92.86%)

This change makes the recognition system more inclusive while maintaining quality focus.

ROTM_FEATURE.md, after:

# 🏆 Recruiter of the Month Feature

## Overview
A new recognition system added to the Adani Recruitment Audit Dashboard to celebrate and motivate top-performing recruiters based on a balanced quality and productivity formula.

## Selection Criteria

### Quality Score Formula
```
Quality Score = (Accuracy % × 0.6) + (Volume Score × 0.4)
```

Where:
- **Accuracy %** = (Pass / (Pass + Fail)) × 100
- **Volume Score** = (Recruiter's Audits / Highest Audits in Month) × 100

### Minimum Qualification Requirements
To be eligible for "Recruiter of the Month", candidates must meet BOTH:
1. **Minimum Audits**: At least 5 audits completed in the month
2. **Minimum Accuracy**: At least 75% accuracy rate

**Note**: These criteria are set to current performance levels. As team accuracy improves and consistently reaches 90%+, the criteria will be adjusted upward to maintain high standards.

## Why This Formula?

### 60-40 Weight Rationale
- **60% Accuracy**: Quality is the primary focus of audit work
- **40% Volume**: Recognizes productivity and contribution to team goals

### Benefits
1. **Prevents Gaming**: Minimum thresholds prevent doing just a few perfect audits
2. **Balanced Recognition**: Rewards both quality and quantity
3. **Fair Assessment**: Considers workload differences across recruiters
4. **Motivational**: Clear, achievable goals with transparent criteria

## Feature Highlights

### Monthly Winner Display
- **Golden Trophy Card**: Prominent display with recruiter name
- **Key Metrics Showcase**:
  - Quality Score (calculated value)
  - Accuracy Percentage
  - Total Audits Completed
- **Visual Design**: Gradient golden background with white text
- **Celebration Icons**: Trophy and award icons for recognition

### Top 5 Performers Table
- **Rankings**: 🥇 🥈 🥉 for top 3, numbered for 4-5
- **Detailed Metrics**: Quality Score, Accuracy, Total Audits, Pass, Fail
- **Qualification Status**: Badge showing if criteria met
- **Visual Highlighting**: Winner row has golden gradient background

### No Winner Declaration
- **Transparent Communication**: Shows when no recruiter meets criteria
- **Educational**: Displays minimum requirements clearly
- **Non-Punitive**: Presented as informational, not negative

## User Manual Integration

### New Section Added
- **View Description**: Purpose and key elements
- **Selection Criteria**: Detailed formulas and rationale
- **Why It Matters**: Business value and motivation impact
- **Fair Assessment**: Explanation of balanced approach

### Documentation Updates
- **View Count**: Updated from 8 to 9 views
- **Navigation**: Added to sidebar menu
- **Export Options**: Included in PDF export
- **Feature List**: Comprehensive view explanation

## Technical Implementation

### Function: `renderRecruiterOfTheMonth()`
- **Data Processing**: Aggregates recruiter performance by month
- **Calculations**: 
  - Monthly totals per recruiter
  - Accuracy percentage
  - Volume score relative to top performer
  - Quality score with 60-40 weighting
- **Sorting**: By quality score descending
- **Filtering**: Applies minimum criteria check
- **Rendering**: Dynamic HTML with conditional displays

### UI Components
1. **Insights Panel**: Criteria overview with stat cards
2. **Monthly Cards**: One per month with winner or no-winner display
3. **Winner Showcase**: Golden card with metrics
4. **Top 5 Table**: Rankings with detailed breakdown
5. **Criteria Explanation**: Educational section with formulas

## Bug Fix: Chart Disappearance

### Issue
Distribution chart in Overview view disappeared when switching to other views and returning.

### Root Cause
Charts were being destroyed globally but not properly recreated due to missing destruction check.

### Solution
Added proper chart destruction check before recreation:
```javascript
if (dashboardData.charts.distribution) {
    dashboardData.charts.distribution.destroy();
}
dashboardData.charts.distribution = new Chart(ctx, {
    // Chart configuration
});
```

### Impact
- ✅ All views now maintain chart integrity
- ✅ No more missing charts when navigating
- ✅ Proper cleanup prevents memory leaks

## Files Updated

### index.html
- **Size**: 180KB (+16KB from 164KB)
- **Lines**: 3800 (+289 lines from 3511)
- **Changes**:
  - New `renderRecruiterOfTheMonth()` function
  - Updated switch case with 'rotm' view
  - Added sidebar navigation item
  - Updated user manual section
  - Added export modal option
  - Fixed chart destruction issue

## Access & Testing

### Live URLs
- **Sandbox**: https://3000-ioyjkajzw2h2lj6y89w5f-5c13a017.sandbox.novita.ai
- **GitHub Pages**: https://rishab25276.github.io/Adani-Ambuja-Cement-Audit-Dashboard/
- **Repository**: https://github.com/Rishab25276/Adani-Ambuja-Cement-Audit-Dashboard

### Testing Checklist
- [x] Navigate to "Recruiter of the Month" view
- [x] Verify monthly winners display correctly
- [x] Check Top 5 performers table
- [x] Confirm qualification badges
- [x] Test with no qualified winner scenario
- [x] Switch between views to test chart persistence
- [x] Verify distribution chart recreates properly
- [x] Check PDF export includes new view
- [x] Validate criteria explanation section

## User Guide

### Accessing the Feature
1. Open dashboard
2. Click "🏆 Recruiter of the Month" in left sidebar
3. View monthly winners and performers

### Understanding the Display
- **Golden Card**: Current month's winner (if qualified)
- **Yellow Card**: No winner this month (criteria not met)
- **Top 5 Table**: Rankings for all months with metrics
- **Explanation Section**: Detailed criteria and rationale

### Criteria Summary
| Requirement | Threshold | Weight |
|------------|-----------|--------|
| Minimum Audits | 5 | Required |
| Minimum Accuracy | 75% | Required |
| Accuracy Component | Variable | 60% |
| Volume Component | Variable | 40% |

**Note**: Criteria will be raised to 10+ audits and 85%+ accuracy once team consistently achieves 90%+ accuracy.

## Future Enhancements (Potential)

1. **Year-over-Year Comparison**: Compare winners across fiscal years
2. **Quarterly Awards**: Recognize consistent performance over quarters
3. **Category Awards**: Split by recruitment stage or parameter type
4. **Improvement Award**: Recognize biggest month-over-month improvement
5. **Team Performance**: Aggregate team scores with individual highlights
6. **Historical Hall of Fame**: Archive of all past winners

---

**Version**: v4.6 - Recruiter Recognition Edition
**Date**: December 13, 2025
**Status**: ✅ Deployed to Production
**Documentation**: Complete
